Now we're going to create a cast shadow that is being caused by this island and this tree.
So what we'll do is we're going to add a new layer and then we're going to select the shape of our tree
.
And on this new layer we're going to fill it in with our dark color blue.
Then we are going to reposition them like so
then we're going to select our castle shape and invert the selection by pressing control shift.
I then deleting everything outside of that.
So then that just deleted everything the entire shadow for the tree that is outside of the castle shape
are going to stay on that same layer.
But we're going to select our island shape.
Whoops wrong shape.
We're going to select our island shape and we're going to fill that in with our blue.
Then we're going to nudge it up just a bit
like so and we're going to nudge it over just a little bit.
Then we're going to de-select or sorry then we're going to select the shape of our castle and we're
going to invert the selection and delete everything outside of that.
So now we have our cast shadow from our island and our tree.
But we want to make sure that it's a little bit blurry and then we'll take down the opacity So let's
select the shape of our castle.
Use our filters blur box blur.
OK then we'll bring that opacity down
about there is good.
Awesome.